singer Oleg Ustenko projects and does not go to
the answer to this event is
made from dough d
announced meat models
light 600 g
actually it turned out that I
more family changes older brother by
a country with a predecessor
let's see what a mirror
camera can offer
manufacturers for minimal money
it looks like the market dynamics think your
orders the company should have more
compact outline
silver large
hence the rounded body shape
control keys and even the thrill of
plastic nose it is cheaper than
competitors of the same category as this
time will tell on practice
bright file almost repeats
district thousandth models
save flash keys
it took the place of a button and if o
which turn has moved to
back panel in our opinion has become less
conveniently
on the disk modes in addition to the usual
creative and automatic
voluntary modes third author doom
mode
if you rotate 360 ​​degrees
so that she reads from the video
being in one of the credit regimes
press to do almost complete
his turn
rear panels underwent notable
change diagonal new display
increased to 2 7 inches
the solution remains the same 10 300 thousand
pixels
all keys have become flat and
controls to the right of the screen
now cameras can only be controlled
with one hand that gives an advantage in
situations when the second is already taken
added two keys call mode
online video which in video mode counts
registry office
as well as the kiu button for the quick menu
control parameters
left stunned stub hidden under
MP case cable date and idea May
right there is no expected teko for the memory card
and knock down now card reader
conferred the battery compartment in
which you will also find clubs 3 l peak 10
high capacity
menu standard for the entire line of childhood
larkin
auto criticism mode allows without any
either technical side knowledge
user control depth
Sharpen the frame and other necessary
settings in the most understandable
form
custom menu possible
change functionality
flash keys select
sensitivity besides what is
the location is more convenient chose times by
pressing of one button is possible also in the mode
I caught what can not be done with NATO and
key
flash is activated through
quick menu
honor lesbian megapixel
the sensor surrenders to the limits
impressive value of 6400 units
thanks to the low resolution matrix
small values ​​can be seen from the floor
registration ideal ideal detail Khimki
even Petrov optics and t
before the appointment of thousands of 600 is essentially
work for something fantastic for
budget segment a couple of years ago
backwards
Well, from 3 203 6 400 to have more
pronounced character will therefore have to
choose to put a campfire more
metallization is visible gone or squeeze the noise and
with him back detailing
burst speed and capacity
the buffer varies depending on
picture format
in the worst case of the peasant woman
large so the camera makes a row two
frames
but gave speed constant to suffer
one frame second
When shooting, only a professional camera will stand
already four snapshots of targets with a speed of 3
frames per second then it drops to one
when shooting in high speed staff
characteristics of the rage of thousands of soldiers
to be revealed fully
shooting is at 3 frames per
second to fill the memory card
new is able to record video in
720p format and a frequency of 25 or 30 frames in
second while using kodak a in 2004 and
container bouv
unlike older brother video mode
it is impossible to sell such parameters as a
with a shutter speed and aperture
everything is set automatically
contact but the parameters your camera matches up
total level
with advanced lover possible less
fear noisy shots with weak
illumination mode video table same start
interfax for the camera market
drunk grow often gives me a personal
certain disadvantages
primarily related organs
krill but most potential
buyers of this camera is likely
it will not replace